the access was fantastic this is to imagine
the work that has to do it around with
sure and with a detail that this still
had a baby is still having my two
stars cyrela always a cable
unsuspecting exchange what I love is
zero from anacom you want to escape from crew
damned in the making and on the
best moments of that first time and
I'm sure it was better in the
current time in riviera maya
I think the cear치 was better in
first half of the game the bay ended
best
I think the two teams got scared
with the compaction of the opponent was
very compact will be doing 2004 using
maneuver and prevented movement and
pax by the type he painted being marked
prevented from working quietly that
the little ass or the little Riccardo in
over him
then the Cear치 has a fan question
from Bahia it 's true
Tony that the compression of the cear치 team
appears the wealth survey
the teeth of the signs that the company
get out of the family conversation
the change in neighborhood ball action
warned from the right crosses the hat
still received the government on the
salma dollar quote comes samuel cruz
habit
little car boss
the sinner
the ceiling of the soap he took first
smell
Look at the pinus steel
took the ball first with 10
floor stones
the fan shouts the name of the team
their support was greatly expanded br치s
saucer also the whole process
tinho the first football gaucho
the process to which g20 unhappiness
rails